## "Symbols from Abstracting Craft"

Throughout the abstracting craft symbols article, my mind kept jumping back to how is it possible that an AI algorithim is able to interpret all of this. I have not done much work with AI, but have seen many talks and discussion about the topic. At first it seems simple, of course a triangle sign on a road would mean yield, but as they explain we recognize this because of the connotation of ‘time, place, and usage.’ An AI algorithm must learn that you are probably in a car, so that yellow triangle should warn you to yield your vehicle and is not telling someone about the three persons of the Trinity. 

Also, I really appreciated the author discussing programming through artist terms. As someone who has learned to program from people with computer science backgrounds, sometimes it is difficult to grasp because the ideas seem so abstract, but when explaining a data structure in terms of someone painting it becomes instantly much easier to visualize. I would love to become more knowledgable with these types of metaphors because then within my own work I can create these abstract pieces that people with all backgrounds will be able to interpret. Throughout this article, we learn that as much as we do rely on technologies today it is important to remember our foundations. 

As I came to an end of this article, the whole time I was thinking: ‘okay well what will be the next thing created using symbolic processing.” The author concludes by discussing we must achieve some sort of balance of using all of our skills. As humans we come to a creative block when only exploring one type of path. It is more important to explore multiple paths and see how we can intertwine them to create some new abstraction. 

## "Cybernetics, art, and ideas: Introduction"

While beginning the Cybernetics, arts, and ideas introduction, I could see the connection being created from the previous article. Are these artworks truly art if it’s being created by a machine? Is it possible to give it the same critique as an artwork created solely by humans? It would be interesting to hear the audiences viewpoint. While the audience was walking around the exhibition, I wonder what they were thinking. Were they trying to process how each piece was created by who/what or maybe it did not matter, but just wanted to enjoy the created art works. The essay continues by explaining the different relationships of technology with human creativity. I find it interesting how people were thinking of these relationships when this article was written and before, but today we still struggle to understand our relationship with technology. 