## Design Galleries and Design as Exploration

While reading both Design Galleries and Design as Exploration papers, I really enjoyed learning about their projects interface technique. When giving a user a lot of options within a project, it can become difficult to display this information by having to many options. This could become either too confusing or the interface could become too cluttered. The Design Galleries paper used an alternative approach through a 2D layout. Although the 2D layout might lose information initially, it still allows the users to understand the type of output being presented in this space. I thought this was interesting because so often with our works we want to show the user all the information being presented, but at a certain point we have to know when we are crossing the line of presenting too much information. The Design Galleries arrangement is able to show just enough information that the user can intuitively figure out the missing pieces. 

Design as Exploration discusses how their interface is just the first step into what could become a more integrated environment between graphics and code. The authors pose multiple questions throughout the paper, so that readers can explore the idea of what has been invented to the possibilities of what can be invented. I specifically like their example when they discuss the tree matching task and how much faster users were able to finish the task with Juxtapose. The immediate effects that happen with Juxtapose quickly show the user if they are in the right or wrong direction and can adjust accordingly. The control condition might have taken longer because users were not able to see the results as quickly and then could not make as many parameter changes.