
## Closed systems: Generative art and Software Abstraction

This article concluded with opening up the discussion of how can generative art be used outside the environment	 of a screen. I think as artists in some ways we are still learning the possibilities of how generative art can be displayed on the screen, but also think that a lot of artwork as exhausted this medium and it would be interesting to look towards other paths. I think the work we saw in class with the generative columns was so interesting because it feels those works have to life and can having more meaning outside the screen.

## Playing a Game of GANstruction by Helena Sarin (Eyeo Talk)

I really enjoyed hearing Helena Sarin discuss how she was able to train her work from her previous works. I assumed when using GAN you needed a lot of data to be able successfully train something, but I guess “successful” is relative. She describes training her data on about 1000 data pieces, which I assume is pretty small comparatively to other people using this system who I think typically use over 10,000 data points. Many people at the end of the talk asked her questions about her work like why she is working in these mediums and the scale of her work. I thought it was interesting how she described her work to be more realistic through print and the small prints forces the viewer to look closely and really try to learn more about the piece. 

## Machine Learning Art: An Interview With Memo Akten

First of all, I just really enjoy all of Memo Akten’s work and appreciated how all the other readings or videos discuss him within this line of work. What spoke out to me during this interview was how he didn’t want to refer to his work as AI, but instead machine learning. Personally, sometimes I find it hard to differentiate the two, but I see in this context why he refers to it as machine learning because of how you are constantly training the machine on inputs and it is only learning from the inputs you are giving it. Also, he breaks down the different approaches in the art field when working with neural networks. Although some approaches encourage the artist to use their own data and own very modified algorithms compared to using other peoples data and algorithms, he describes that one is able to create interesting works from all approaches. If you want a more unique outcome though possibly like Helena Sarin, it will be important to heavily modify your algorithms and use your own data. 

## Che-Wei Wang (CW&T) on The new role of the designer in generative design | TNW Conference 2018

What really stood out to me was how Che-Wei Wang kept describing at the beginning how the design process will be changed because of these generative design tools. I understood what he was saying, but it was almost hard to hear because it felt as if these generative design tools are replacing our own creative thought. In the future, will we only be choosing the best generative design rather than trying to create our own? He concludes though how we will have to learn how to create these generative design tools and be able to adjust with our parameters. By doing this, I feel as artists then we will still have influence on the creativity behind the machine and the unique outcomes that will come from these programs. 