## Drawing Tools Reflection

Overall, I found these articles very informative as someone interested in data visualizations. The way a user will interact with a tool can drastically change there experience. Beaudoin-Lafon's paper discusses many scenarios  of a user interacting with a scroll bar and the types of degrees of freedom or degrees of compatibility. I never have thought too much about the scroll bar, but he went into detail of how sometimes the page will move immediately as one scrolls or waits until the mouse is released. This also lead me to think about how Jennifer discussed that when watching the "Mother of All Demos" video will show that not a lot has changed since then and I realized that the scroll bar described in the paper is very similar or the same to the one we interact with today. As developers of tools, it seems we are still fighting these tensions that we have faced since these tools were created. Kay's paper ends with describing that there are still new issues to be explored with these tools and I believe we have probably discovered these issues, but have we come up with solutions? Schachman's paper concludes that to improve on these tools and learn about better ways of developing we can reach out to alternative programmers, so that we can go beyond just pure text communication and be able to create similar works to Bret Victor's "dead fish" by directly manipulating a design rather than constantly writing text and rerunning the program to see the outcome. 