## Reflections on Designing Construction Kits for Kids

Lego kits are not creative and static and once done building your harry potter mansion kids don’t normally think how to improve upon it or create something else from that same kit. This kit is simple like lego blocks, but has a wide range of options that allows for possibly very complex projects. I believe this would allow children to start with the simple options of this kit, but eventually the children would want to do more and the environment of this tool allows them to continue to expand and learn more complex options.

## Learnable Programming

Learnable programming definitely would teach programmers in a brand new way where I believewould be less scary for people to try programming. I could imagine learning a for loop or if statements in this context would help better understand the reality of how the program is running. Showing the dots representing each line and time it’s called is informative, but also I could be distracting if not wanting to use a tool in a learning environment. I think if you have an exact purpose of what you want to create then this tool is very helpful, but if you want to explore as your creating then maybe you would lose unexpected results happening. I think it’s always exciting in a sense when you write a line of code and run it and think it’s going to be visualized in a certain way, but actually it wasn’t that way at all. I think maybe this could have a similar effect just depending how you adjust your sliders, but I am not sure.

## Extending Manual Drawing Practices with Artist-Centric Programming Tools

Being able to work with the Drawing Manager Library though processing, really helped to understand this paper and the ideas behind it. I also appreciated the study using two different professional artists trying to experiment with Dynamic Brushes. You can tell how immediately instead of just trying to recreate something they have made in the physical world, they wanted to create something that could only be created using this type of tool. I thought it was interesting how they both created animation style illustrations, which furthers Bret Victor’s point of using a software tool to create more than just the static creations we normally make through either drawing or painting. The paper concludes by discussing how this tool is a way of extending an artists original practices and style. I think many people are unmotivated by certain drawing tools because they are not able to use their own previous artistic goals, but Dynamic Brushes understands the need of the artist and lets them expand upon their work. 